Thank you for downloading and using GintasView 1.3.


BEFORE INSTALLING, please read this carefully:

- Make sure your GoPro Hero3 cameras are connected to computer;
- Make sure cameras appear as E:/ F:/ G:/ H:/ drives. Letter must start as E: and the others has to go in a row.
Otherwise, viewing of recordings might not work properly.
- If the first letter appear as D:/, you can insert any other USB stick or SD card that does not contain any videos.
Then, connect cameras and they should appear in a row, starting from E:/
- Make sure you use Chrome browser. GintasView works faster on Chrome.


INSTALLATION:
1. Double-click on "INSTALL" file.
2. It will ask to install 2 softwares: Wamp server and MySQL database. These are necessary for fully working system,
as GintasView is web-based.
3. While installing Wamp Server, in the end you will be asked to select browser. Find and select Chrome (C:/Program Files (x86)/Google/Chrome/Application/Chrome.exe)
4. Wait until black DOS window closes.
5. Installation is done.


HOW TO USE:
1. Place cameras in your selected position.
2. Make sure Wi-Fi is turned on on cameras and "WiFi RC" is selected.
3. Connect all 4 cameras to one remote control.
4. Make sure Remote control shows "4 cams ready" before recording.
5. Open timetagging ( http://localhost/tag.php/ ) page.
6. Press "record" button on remote control and "Start" button on time-tagging page at the same time.
7. Cameras will start recording and timer will start on browser.
8. Tag times by clicking "Tag time" button.
9. After recording is finished, press "record" button on remote control again and "Stop" button on time-tagging page at the same time.
10. Connect cameras to computer using 4 USB-supported USB-hub.
11. Make sure cameras appear as E:/ F:/ G:/ H:/ in computer (read BEFORE INSTALLING).
12. Open GintasView interface ( http://localhost/index.php/ )
13. Select recorded video from the list.
14. 4 video screens should load and time-tags should be placed on timeline.
14. Control your videos and enjoy using GintasView.

For any problems bug reports, please contact us on our website: http://hi.au.dk/gintasview/

BONUS:
1. There is a possibility to blur videos. Place mouse on video screen for icons to appear.
2. There is a possibility to full-screen videos. Place mouse on video screen for icons to appear.
3. There is a possibility to resize video screens. Click on video screen to resize and click again to back to original sizes.
4. There is a possibility to choose an audio source. Place mouse on video screen for icons to appear.
5. GoPro cameras chop video files into parts, if one video is more than 17:26 long. GintasView is compatible to control 2 parts at the moment,
that means 34:52 of total recording. Recording for longer time might have problems while debriefing.